clicks create event immediately.

Asks whats going on at top of screen.

Clicks red cross

Asks if he can put in his own charity

Says we should be able to donate to multiple charities

Pauses for aminute to look at event types/themes
clicks basketball.  slightly confused about why two are grouped together.  not
sure what event types mean.

clcks basketball.  Also clicks festival

Clicks next to get to location screen

clicks text part of map and chooses cambridge.

What is the purpose of having the map/location? (says jeremy).

Selects date and moves slider

Says two people seem vague (max has to explain it to him)  Wants us to have
number associated with number of people and display it.  Having to look up how
many people maps to a number is not efficient.  Doesnt understand what picture
means.

Why is charity on banner?

Clicks next to get to donation types

Wants to choose money but not there.  Instead chooses food and something else
that I cant see.  clicks next

Looks at our slideshow for a while and swings pencil.  Clicks left button.
Jeremy tells us if we click left we want to go left.

is event type supposed to map to sports or charity?

Might be helpful to explain why it maps to events.  Wants us to explain
something like "your even thas x y and z and the business supports y and z"
would be nice.

Selects "contact them for 'city sports'"

Asks us if we have a template messssage and tells us he doesnt want to "write
his own emails all over again"

Asks what help does and we show him that help only comes up for fist contact
event.

"why does help bring up help message.
He says "why does he want help writing a message to come up when he's busy
browsing businesses"

asks whats going on on the sides. Max explains it and Jeremy... understands.


Says "good job guys"

Feedback:

Mental model issues.  Tell person what they've gotten out of it.

Who am I contacting? am I going to get a response?

Snapshot - why is it helpful?

If the key contribution is that we help them find businesses, there wshould be
more sell of that.  That way, when you are filling out info, you know that it is
b/c you are trying to find the businesss,rather than knowing that people who
want to come know the exact details.


Idea:  page instead says:

we are going to help you find businesses that:
donate to basketball events
cater food or x y and  z.
etc


Why am I selecting specific ones?  Should he send messages to everybody?  Doesnt
want to write multiple messages to each person.

Our help screen is vague.  We should let the user know what they would care
about.  Wants more feedback on how this is helping them contact the business.
